Refs #28339 -- Documented sqlmigrate's constraint name resolution. (#21262)
django/django: docs/ref/django-admin.txt

connection, which it will use to resolve constraint names; this means you must
generate the SQL against a copy of the database you wish to later apply it on.

> When a migration drops or alters an existing constraint or index, Django
> inspects the target database to find the on-disk name rather than recomputing
> it. Constraint and index names depend on the database's history: prior model
> renames do not rename the underlying indexes and constraints, and Django's
> name-generation rules have changed across versions. As a result, names aren't
> always reproducible from the current model state, and ``sqlmigrate`` output is
> only valid against a database whose schema matches the state immediately
> before ``migration_name`` would be applied.
> 

Reviewer: I wonder if this might work better as an admonition?

```suggestion
.. admonition:: Why does ``sqlmigrate`` need a database connection?

    Django does not keep track of auxiliary schema objects like indices or
    constraints, instead letting the underlying database manage their
    lifecycle. Combined with Django's naming rules having changed over time,
    the only way for ``sqlmigrate`` to know an object name is to use
    introspection on the existing database.
```

It no longer mentions renames specifically, though offers a more broadly encompassing reason - indices are not something Django keeps track of once they've been created.
